Team SmithEssential ML/AI and Immunoprofiling DefinitionsAffinity: the interaction strength at which the antibody/drug is attracted to the target.Artificial intelligence (AI): a theory and development of computer systems that can simulate human intelligence processes and perform complicated tasks. One of the branches of AI is machine learning (ML), which focuses on the use of data and algorithms to mimic the way that humans learn.B and T cell epitopes: B cell epitopes are either the conformational or linear part of the protein antigen that antibodies bind to. T cell epitopes are usually protein antigen-derived peptides presented by MHC molecules on antigen-presenting cells and recognized by T cell receptors.Complementarity-determining regions (CDRs): flexible loop regions of diversity in immunoglobulin variable domains that are mainly responsible for antigen binding. Both the VH and VL domains contain three CDR loops.Deep learning (DL): a subclass of ML with a focus on mimicking human brain by training artificial deep neural networks to train on data.Developability: the drug-like properties of therapeutic antibody candidates, including immunogenicity, solubility, stability, viscosity, charge profiles, post-translational modifications, pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic profiles, hydrophobicity, and manufacturability.Directed evolution: a representative method used in protein/antibody engineering through iterative rounds of library screening. For this, phage display technology and yeast display technology are commonly used.Epitope: the region of an antigen that binds to an antibody.Humanization: humanization is required to produce antibodies with reduced immunogenicity risks. Antibody therapeutics are often produced from mice or other non-human organisms and therefore are likely to elicit an immunogenic response in humans. To reduce the immunogenicity, the variable region of a non-human antibody can be fused to human antibody constant region to generate a chimeric antibody.Immunogenicity: an ability of therapeutics to trigger an undesirable immune response against the therapeutics.Immunoprofiling: the quantitative measurement of antigen receptors (ARs; antibodies or T-cell receptors) in a sample. Also called immune profiling.Molecular dynamics (MD) simulations: a computer simulation technique for analyzing the physical movements of each individual atoms or molecules. This technique permits the prediction of time evolution of an interacting system involving the generation of atomic trajectories of a system under different conditions, such as temperature, pH, and pressure.Neural networks: mathematical models that consist of a network of connected nodes which compute a linear combination of inputs and then pass the result through a nonlinear activation function.Next-generation sequencing (NGS): a massively parallel or deep sequencing technology that provides ultra-high throughput, large-scale, and high speed.Paratope: the region of an antibody that recognizes and binds to the antigen. Scoring functions: physical/ mathematical models that attempt to describe the potential energy of a protein system.Scoring functions: physical/ mathematical models that attempt to describe the potential energy of a protein system.
ReferencesKim, J., McFee, M., Fang, Q., Abdin, O., & Kim, P. M. (2022). Computational and artificial intelligence-based methods for antibody development. Trends in Pharmacological Sciences, 44(3), 175-189. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.tips.2022.12.005 Smith, T. (2018, Nov. 7). What is Immunoprofiling? Blog. Digital World Biology. Accessed 27 Feb. 2024. https://digitalworldbiology.com/blog/what-immunoprofiling 